h1. Changelog

h2. 1. September 2010

* update to mysql2 (dryed up the database.yml)
* update to Rails 3 Release
* change factory_girl to factory_girl_rails
* add factory_girl_rails to the development group, in order to have fast access to factories within the console
* added rspec-rails to the development group, to enable rspec rake tasks in development mode
* removed autotest from Gemfile to let bundler resolve the dependency
* Added Bundler.setup to the rake file, to ensure all gems are required
* removed view_specs and stylesheets from scaffolding
* updated the boot.rb to match the current Rails 3 boot process
* added active_support deprecation config
* removed i18n_database (commented it out)
* updated the factories to match the user model
* using the mocha mocking framework with rspec
* add a spec for the user, just to have a starting point

h1. Skeleton Specs

* Devise user / migration / aegis roles
* 960gs CSS / reset css / jquery / ujs / various plugins
* rspec / capybara / autotest / selenium (optional in rspec helper)

h1. Setup

h2. RVM

* Create a new gemset for your project
* Create .rvmrc file with: @echo "rvm 1.8.7-p302@YOUR_GEMSET"@

h2. Bundler

* Install Bundler 1.0.0 with @gem install bundler --pre@
* Install Gems with @bundle@

h3. Bundler issues

In case you run into an issue with bundler that looks like this:

.bc Valid types are [:development, :runtime], not nil (ArgumentError)

Please make sure to install a recent bundler @gem install bundler --pre@ does the trick. Even the 1.0.0 relase doesn't fix this issue.

h2. git

Install missing plugins which are defined as submodules

* @git submodules init@
* @git submodules update@

h2. App Setup

* Make sure to change the application name in application.rb and environment.rb
* Change Application Layout to your needs
* Change database.yml to your needs

h2. Rake

* @rake db:create:all@
* @rake db:migrate@
* @rake db:test:clone@
* @rake db:seed@
* @rake ts:conf@

h2. Tests

* start @rake@ to test factories and specs
* or start @autotest@ to get into autotesting mode
